1a/1b 	Precondition: 	When the game starts and a ship appears on the screen, start firing missiles.
	Action: 	Player presses right click on the mouse (1a) or presses spacebar on the keyboard (1b).
	Post Condition:	A missile appears on the screen and is launched and missile counter goes up 1.

1c 	Precondition: 	Attempt to launch a missile while 5 missiles are on the screen.
	Action:		Game doesn't add another missile.
	Post Condition:	There are still 5 missiles on the screen.

1d 	Precondition: 	Watch a missile go off the screen.
	Action:		Game removes the missile from the count of missiles.
	Post Condition:	There are 1 less missiles on the screen and missile counter goes down by 1.

1e 	Precondition: 	All missiles should share the same speed.
	Action:		Time the missiles from spawn to removal.
	Post Condition:	Missiles all share same speed

1f/1g 	Precondition: 	When the game starts and a ship appears on the screen, start firing missiles.
	Action:		Verify missiles come from the center of the bottom of the screen and move vertically up the screen.
	Post Condition:	"Missiles should come from the center of the bottom of the screen and move up, vertically."

1h/1i/1j	Precondition: 	A ship appears on the screen. Spawn a missile. Make sure the ship gets hit with the missile.
		Action:		A missile hits the ship and its collision points.
		Post Condition:	"An explosion appears, and the missile is removed from the screen/counter."

1k 	Precondition: 	A ship appears on the screen. Spawn a missile. Make sure the ship gets hit with the missile.
	Action:		Ship get hits and ship hit counter should go up by 1.
	Post Condition:	A separate counter for ship hits is displayed and goes up by 1 when ship gets hit.

2a 	Precondition: 	Check that when there are no ships on the screen that a new one is added by the system.
	Action:		Either start a new game or kill an existing ship.
	Post Condition:	A new ship should be spawned.

2b 			Needs Open Box testing?		
2c			
2d			
2di			
2dii			
2diii			
2diii1			
2diii2			
2diii3			
2diii4			
2e			
3			
4			
5			
6			
