Daniel Tucker
Issac Simmons
Adam Haun

Missile System:
Missile Launch via Right Mouse Click (Requirement 1a):
Precondition: Game is active and the player is ready to launch a missile.
Action: Player clicks the right mouse button.
Post Condition: A missile is launched from the specified launch position.
Missile Launch via Space Bar (Requirement 1b):
Precondition: Game is active and the player is ready to launch a missile.
Action: Player presses the space bar.
Post Condition: A missile is launched from the specified launch position.
Active Missile Limit (Requirement 1c):
Precondition: 4 missiles are already active on the screen.
Action: Player launches 2 more missiles.
Post Condition: Only 1 new missile is launched, making the total active missiles 5.
Missile Removal Post Screen Exit (Requirement 1d):
Precondition: Missile is moving towards the top of the screen.
Action: Missile exits the screen.
Post Condition: Missile is removed from being active.
Missile Speed Consistency (Requirement 1e):
Precondition: Multiple missiles are launched.
Action: Observe missile speeds.
Post Condition: All missiles maintain a constant speed.
Missile Launch Position (Requirement  1f):
Precondition: Game is active.
Action: Player initiates a missile launch.
Post Condition: Missile is launched from the center of the bottom of the screen.
Missile Direction (Requirement 1g):
Precondition: Player initiates a missile launch.
Action: Observe missile direction.
Post Condition: Missile moves vertically straight up from the launched position.
Missile Hits Ship Detection (Requirement 1h):
Precondition: Missile is in motion and a ship is on its trajectory.
Action: Missile reaches the ship’s position.
Post Condition: The game detects a hit and reacts accordingly.
Explosion Display (Requirement 1i):
Precondition: Missile hits a ship.
Action: Observe the point of impact.
Post Condition: An explosion is displayed at the point where missile hits the ship.
Missile and Ship Removal (Requirement 1j):
Precondition: Missile hits a ship.
Action: Observe the screen.
Post Condition: Both missile and ship are removed from the screen.
Hit Count Maintenance (Requirement 1k):
Precondition: Some missiles have hit ships.
Action: Observe the hit count.
Post Condition: Hit count is accurate.


Ship System:
Ship Launch on No Active Ships (Requirement 2a):
Precondition: No active ships on screen.
Action: System checks for active ships.
Post Condition: A ship is launched by the system.

Support for Multiple Ship Types (Requirement 2b):
Precondition: Game is active and ready to launch ships.
Action: System launches ships based on configurable value.
Post Condition: Multiple types of ships are launched and displayed.

Display Appropriate Ship Image (Requirement 2c):
Precondition: Ship is launched by the system.
Action: Observe the image of the launched ship.
Post Condition: The image displayed corresponds to the type of the ship.

Random Ship Launch (Requirement 2d):
Precondition: Game is active and ready to launch ships.
Action: System attempts to launch ships at different intervals.
Post Condition: Ships are randomly launched based on a configurable rate.

Random Ship Type Selection (Requirement 2di):
Precondition: Game is active and ready to launch ships.
Action: System launches a ship.
Post Condition: Random type of ship are equally selected and launched.

Active Ship Limit (Requirement 2dii):
Precondition: 10 ships are already active on the screen.
Action: System attempts to launch 1 more ships.
Post Condition: No ship is launched.

Random Ship Launch Location (Requirement 2diii):
Precondition: Game is active and ready to launch ships.
Action: System launches a ship.
Post Condition: Ship is launched from a random location.
Random Ship Launch Location Side (Requirement 2diii1):
Precondition: Game is trying to launch ship.
Action: System picks a side to launch from.
Post Condition: The ship is launched from the side that was picked.
Random Ship Launch Location Vertical (Requirement 2diii2):
Precondition: Game is trying to launch ship.
Action: System picks a random position from the top third of the row to launch.
Post Condition: The ship is launched from the vertical position chosen.
Random Ship Speed (Requirement 2diii3):
Precondition: Game is launching a particular type of ship.
Action: Game matches the speed of the ship to the type of ship.
Post Condition: The ship launched matches the speed it’s supposed to have.
Ship Direction (Requirement 2diii4):
Precondition: Game is trying to launch a ship from a side.
Action: The game applies a speed that is opposite from the side being launched 
Postcondition Ship is launched traveling the correct direction.
Ship Removal (Requirement 2e)
Precondition: A ship has gone off screen.
Action: The system removes the ship that went off screen.
Post Condition: The ship is no longer in the system.


Game End Conditions:
Game End on Hit Count of 10 (Requirement 3):
Precondition: Hit count is at 9.
Action: Player hits one more ship.
Post Condition: Game ends due to hit count reaching 10.
Game end on left mouse button click (Requirement 4):
Precondition: Game is active
Action: The player clicks the left mouse button
Post Condition: Game ends due to the left mouse button being clicked.
 Game end on escape button pressed (Requirement 5):
Precondition: Game is active
Action: The player presses escape button
Post Condition: Game ends when the user clicks the escape button.
Game ends after 5 minutes of no missile being launched (Requirement 6):
Precondition: 4 minutes has elapsed without a missile launch
Action: 1 more minute passes without a missile launch
Post Condition: Game ends due to no missile being launched in the last 5 minutes.
